# Go API client for swagger

No descripton provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build date: 2017-09-11T15:52:17.214-04:00
- Build package: class io.swagger.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

Copyright © 2017 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries.  All Rights Reserved. 

## Installation

We are using following version of swagger:
```
version: 0.12.0
commit: 8135eb6728e43b73489e80f94426e6d387809502
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```
    "./swagger"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ApiApi* | [**AboutGet**](docs/ApiApi.md#aboutget) | **Get** /about | Get about
*UpdateSwitchApi* | [**UpdateSwitch**](docs/UpdateSwitchApi.md#updateswitch) | **Post** /updateSwitch | Update switch firmware


## Documentation For Models

 - [About](docs/About.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ModelError](docs/ModelError.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
After generating the code we edited the file configure_on_network.go to disable authentication.
In configure_on_network.go - Generated Code:
	api.APIKeyHeaderAuth = func(token string) (interface{}, error) {
		return nil, errors.NotImplemented("api key auth (APIKeyHeader) authorization from header param [authorization] has not yet been implemented")
	}

In configure_on_network.go - Modified Code:
```
   api.APIKeyHeaderAuth = func(token string) (interface{}, error) {
		return token, nil
   }
```


## Documentation for Handlers

The handler is added in the controller folder. For example, the code  for the about api is in on-network/controllers/about/about.go

After generating the code, configure_on_nertwork.go had to be changed as well to call the handler code.
Here is an example to what had to be done for `about` api

In  on_network_api.go - Generated Code:
```
    api.AboutAboutGetHandler = about.AboutGetHandlerFunc(func(params about.AboutGetParams, principal interface{}) middleware.Responder {
    		return middleware.NotImplemented("operation about.AboutGet has not yet been implemented")
    	})
```

In  on_network_api.go - Modified Code:
```
    api.AboutAboutGetHandler = about.AboutGetHandlerFunc(func(params about.AboutGetParams, principal interface{}) middleware.Responder {
		return aboutctrl.MiddleWare(params.HTTPRequest)
	})
```


## APIKeyHeader

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author



## Licensing

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the “License”); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

RackHD is a Trademark of Dell EMC
